-(Valhalla gang cheering)
-(footsteps rumbling)
Toman's gonna die
today! (laughs)
-(punches landing)
-(men grunting)
[Takemichi] These
guys sure didn't
waste any time getting started!
Shit!
But where the hell is Baji?
-(punches landing)
-(men grunting)
How's he beating both of us?
Yeah, the kid's an
awesome fighter, isn't he?
(men grunting)
(Kazutora laughing)
You're mine!
(metal clanging)
-(body thudding)
-(Draken gasping)
No!
-Mikey!
-(all gasping)
Looks like Valhalla wins.
-(Mikey groaning)
-(both humming curiously)
Just answer me one
question, Kazutora.
Do you really think
that I'm your enemy?
I suffered
because of you and the
things that you did.
Did you know, Mikey?
That if a person kills
someone, they're a bad guy.
But if you kill your enemy,
you're a hero.
What the hell is this
dude talking about?
He's lost his mind.
[Kazutora] I'm going to go
down in history as a hero!
By killing my enemy.
-(both grunting)
-(metal clanging)
Get up, Mikey!
(blood dripping)
So you wanna kill your enemy?
Is that the reason
you killed my brother?
(Kazutora gasping)
-(both grunting)
-(nose crunching)
Hey, what the hell?
He's lifting me up!
(Kazutora grunting)
(body thudding)
(Mikey growling)
(men murmuring in awe)
(Mikey panting)
Holy shit, Mikey!
What have you done?
(Mikey groaning)
(knees thudding)
(Takemichi gasping)
(Valhalla gang murmuring)
Looks like Mikey
just hit the ground.
Maybe he's tired.
He was bleeding real bad.
(both panting)
(chuckles) I think
you did it, Kazutora.
[Valhalla Member] Hey,
Mikey's not moving at all!
Yeah, maybe we can
finish him off now!
This is our best
chance, let's do it!
(Valhalla gang murmuring)
Follow me!
We're gonna take Mikey down!
(Valhalla gang roaring)
Oh, shit!
There's still one
Valhalla captain left!
We're gonna finish all
these Toman bastards!
Hey, wait a sec!
I've seen that guy
somewhere before!
Come on!
Do it!
(Valhalla gang clamoring)
Hey!
Guys, somebody go
and help Mikey!
-(Takashi grunting)
-(punches landing)
-(men grunting)
Damn it!
There are too many
of you assholes!
-(metal clanging)
-(man grunting)
-(punch landing)
-(Yasuhiro grunting)
Damn it, there's no end to them!
-(Chifuyu grunting)
-(kick landing)
-(punches landing)
-(men grunting)
What are you, a goddamn zombie?
-(Draken grunting)
-(punches landing)
(Takemichi panting)
What do I do?
I have to save him!
I'm coming, Mikey!
(opening theme music)
Move, move!
(Takemichi screaming)
-(Takemichi panting)
-(Valhalla gang clamoring)
-(punch landing)
-Die, Toman punk!
Takemitchy!
-(Chifuyu grunting)
-(punches landing)
-(Takemichi grunting)
-(blood splattering)
(Takemichi screaming)
-(Takemichi grunting)
-(blood splattering)
(body thudding)
-(kick landing)
-(Takemichi grunting)
(body thudding)
(Takemichi growling)
(Takemichi screaming)
(Takemichi grunting)
I have to save Mikey!
-(Valhalla gang clamoring)
-(footsteps clunking)
Let go of me!
(man screaming)
(Takemichi panting)
Outta the way!
(Takemichi grunting)
(Takemichi gasping in fear)
(Choji grunting)
I'm taking your
commander's head!
Here it comes!
(Takemichi gasping in fear)
It's all over!
-(punch landing)
-(Choji retching)
(Takemichi gasping)
(body thudding)
(tense music)
I'm Tokyo Manji Gang's
Third Division Captain,
Tetta Kisaki.
Our division is here to
protect our commander
from all enemy threats!
(Toman gang roaring)
(both grunting)
(bodies thudding)
(men clamoring)
(Takemichi gasping)
(Takemichi breathing shakily)
That dude wearing
the black mask!
I saw him with Kisaki!
But what does that mean?
Heh.
Good job there, Kisaki!
(growls) Look at him
trying to take command!
Huh?
Oh, wait, I see now!
Kisaki doesn't really
care if we win this fight,
or if we lose it!
It works for him either way!
That's awesome, protecting
Mikey like that!
Way to go, Kisaki!
You have to admit, for a newbie,
he's sure pulling his weight!
If he sucks up to Mikey
like this and Toman wins,
Kisaki's gonna look like a hero!
But if we lose, Valhalla's
just gonna absorb Toman anyway!
So it doesn't even matter
how this fight goes!
Taking over Toman was
his plan all along!
Aw, look at him
playing the hero!
What the hell?
Everybody's just playing
right into his hands!
This thing turned
in Kisaki's favor
before I even realized it!
[Draken] Kisaki!
Good work!
(Takemichi gasping)
No!
No, Draken!
You've got it all wrong!
He's not what you think!
Toman is...
Draken, Kisaki is gonna...
I'm leaving Mikey in your hands!
(Takemichi sobbing)
(footsteps clunking)
At long last, the time has come!
(Kisaki humming questioningly)
Kisaki!
(Kisaki gasping)
(Takemichi gasping)
-(Baji grunting)
-(metal clanging)
(glasses cracking)
(Baji laughing evilly)
(body thudding)
(Takemichi gasping)
(Valhalla gang murmuring)
[Takemichi] Baji!
(all gasping)
Baji!
No!
[Baji] Get your ass up, Kisaki.
-I'm not done with you yet!
-(Valhalla gang cheering)
Get up!
I'm gonna jack up
your face so bad
no one'll even recognize you!
(Takemichi gasping)
So Baji was suspicious
of Kisaki too!
-Draken, wait!
-Baji, stop it!
We're gonna take you back to
Toman when this is all over!
(Baji growling)
(Baji grunting in surprise)
(Baji screaming)
-(body thudding)
-(Baji grunting)
(Hamada grunting dismissively)
You all right, Kisaki?
Buzz, buzz, buzz.
He's like a damn fly
buzzing around me.
(glasses clattering)
Swat that fly dead.
(Takemichi gasping)
[Baji] Yeah?
Well, bring it on, then!
(Baji grunting)
I'm right here!
(Kisaki scoffing)
Oh, man!
(footsteps approaching)
Huh?
-(Chifuyu panting)
-(footsteps clunking)
Huh?
(Chifuyu grunting
in determination)
Chifuyu.
What do you think you're doing?
Baji, no.
Don't do this.
If you take Kisaki down now,
it'll be a complete
betrayal of Mikey.
(Baji scoffing)
If you have any
allegiance left in you,
-for Toman or-
-(grunts in pain)
(body thudding)
Who the hell do you
think you are, Chifuyu?
The only reason I
had you at my side
was because you were
a decent fighter.
(Chifuyu grunting)
I don't give a rat's
ass what you think.
(Chifuyu panting)
I'm still the First
Division Vice Captain!
So it's still my job
to protect you, Baji!
(Baji humming in consideration)
(Chifuyu panting)
But I'll have to stop
you if you keep going.
And I won't go easy
on you, either!
Go for it, then.
(Chifuyu breathing shakily)
You got 10 seconds.
Huh?
[Baji] 10.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
What's wrong?
I thought you said you
were gonna stop me.
Five.
Four.
The only way you'll stop
me is by killing me.
Three.
Two.
One.
Zero.
(Chifuyu panting)
(Takemichi roaring)
(both grunting)
Get over here and help me
out with this, Chifuyu!
(Chifuyu gasping)
Come on, we can
stop Baji together!
(Baji grunting)
Chifuyu!
It's no use.
I can't do it.
Huh?
I just
can't hit Baji.
I just can't.
Huh?
What the hell are
you talking about?
-(both grunting)
-(impact landing)
(Takemichi groaning)
Shit!
I'm passing out!
(Takemichi grunting)
I have to stop Baji!
Somehow!
(Takemichi grunting)
(Baji humming questioningly)
I know Baji's going to
be killed by Kisaki!
So I have to protect him!
Even if I have to
do it by myself!
(Takemichi gasping)
But wait!
The one who's gonna
kill Baji isn't Kisaki!
It's supposed to be Kazutora!
Where is he?
Kazutora's gone!
-(knife squelching)
-(Takemichi gasping)
(Baji gasping)
Now die!
Baji!
(Takemichi gasping)
Kazutora!
No!
(Chifuyu gasping)
(Baji breathing shakily)
Now die!
Baji!
Kazutora!
No!
(Baji breathing shakily)
(Takemichi roaring)
(Takemichi grunting)
If Baji is killed by Kazutora,
we'll be stuck with
that future again!
(bodies thudding)
Hey, Baji!
How bad are you hurt?
(wind howling)
(Takemichi gasping)
[Baji] It's just a scratch.
Thank you for that, Takemichi.
So I did it?
(exhales shakily)
I managed to save Baji?
Kazutora!
What the hell?
What do you think you're doing,
stabbing Baji, you idiot?
It's him.
It's all Baji's own fault.
(Chifuyu grunting in shock)
-(Chifuyu growling)
-(body thudding)
Is he okay?
(Takemichi panting)
It's a damn good thing
you're still alive.
Huh?
What the hell are
you talking about?
Uh, well, I...
I'm going to kill Kisaki!
So just stay out of
my way, all of you!
(Takemichi panting)
Damn it!
What the hell is going on here?
The fight started,
then Mikey went down.
Kisaki saved him,
and then Baji showed up
and went after Kisaki.
And then, out of nowhere,
Kazutora stabbed Baji!
It's a total mess!
What am I supposed to do?
But wait!
Baji was killed too,
right in front of him.
[Takemichi] But Kazutora
backed off of killing Baji!
Which means
now Mikey doesn't have a reason
to kill Kazutora anymore!
Which means
there's only one thing
left for me to do now!
So I'm going to...
Lead Toman and rise
as its new leader!
By crushing Kisaki!
(intense music)
Chifuyu!
(Chifuyu grunting affirmatively)
(Baji sighing)
(Takemichi humming
questioningly)
So you want Kisaki too?
Yeah.
So we should work
together to fight him!
-(both grunting)
-(punch landing)
Stay out of my way.
Let us help you!
Baji, there's no reason
you have to do this alone!
(Takemichi cringing)
Baji, don't.
(Takemichi gasping)
(footsteps clunking)
Take care of Mikey for me.
(Takemichi gasping)
(footsteps clunking)
Why are you in such a
hurry to die, my Captain?
Huh?
And now... (breathes deeply)
50 members of the Third
Division versus me!
(Kisaki scoffing)
(Baji sighing)
Bring it on, you bastards!
(wind howling)
(metal clattering)
I'm coming for you!
Oh, come on, 50 against
one is impossible odds!
(Baji panting)
(Baji roaring)
-(glass shattering)
-(men grunting)
(Toman gang gasping in fear)
-(metal clanging)
-(men grunting)
Holy shit!
Oh, you ain't seen
nothin' yet, Takemitchy.
Didn't he swear he was
gonna take Kisaki down?
-(metal clanging)
-(men grunting)
He never, ever, makes a
promise he can't keep.
(Takemichi gasping in awe)
-(men clamoring)
-(Baji grunting)
(phone beeping)
I guess Kazutora screwed it up.
(Kisaki growling)
Baji's coming, Hamada.
If you space out again
like the last time,
I swear I'll murder you myself.
I'm sorry, sir!
And don't underestimate
Keisuke Baji.
In all this time, he's
still the only one
who's ever beaten me.
I know that I let my
guard down before,
but not this time!
There's no way
he'll get the drop-
-(Hamada grunting)
-(metal clanging)
(Kisaki grunting in shock)
Looks like that's checkmate.
(intense music)
You're done.
(Kisaki growling)
No way!
Baji won?
(Kisaki sighing in resignation)
Just try it, then.
You don't have the guts!
(Baji scoffing derisively)
Huh?
(wind howling)
What's wrong?
(blood splattering)
-(Baji coughing wetly)
-(blood splattering)
What the hell?
(Chifuyu gasping)
(blood splattering)
I'm done, I guess.
(Chifuyu breathing shakily)
-(knees thudding)
-(metal clanging)
-(Baji coughing wetly)
-(blood splattering)
(Baji panting)
(tense music)
(Baji gasping)
(Takemichi gasping)
Baji, no!
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)